Run Grammarly over README.md (#890)
deepset-ai/haystack: README.md

You can then try different queries against a pre-defined set of indexed articles related to Game of Thrones.

> **Note**: This demo starts the following containers:

Reviewer: This one is probably about rewriting the "passive voice" by Grammarly? I'd leave it as-is here, though.

Author: Yes, it is. Reverted.

**1. Installing from a package**

> You can install the Haystack Python package by using [pip](https://github.com/pypa/pip).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Haystack by using [pip](https://github.com/pypa/pip).
```

We recommend Elasticsearch or FAISS but also have more light-weight options for fast prototyping (SQL or In-Memory).
4.  **Retriever**: Fast algorithms that identify candidate documents for a given query from a large collection of documents.
    Retrievers narrow down the search space significantly and are therefore crucial for scalable QA.
    Haystack supports sparse methods (TF-IDF, BM25, custom Elasticsearch queries)
    and state of the art dense methods (e.g., sentence-transformers and Dense Passage Retrieval)
5.  **Reader**: Neural network (e.g., BERT or RoBERTA) that reads through texts in detail
    to find an answer. The Reader takes multiple passages of text as input and returns top-n answers. Models are trained via [FARM](https://github.com/deepset-ai/FARM) or [Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) on SQuAD like tasks.  You can load a pre-trained model from [Hugging Face's model hub](https://huggingface.co/models) or fine-tune it on your domain data.
6.  **Generator**: Neural network (e.g., RAG) that *generates* an answer for a given question conditioned on the retrieved documents from the retriever.

> 6.  **Pipeline**: Stick building blocks together to highly custom pipelines that are represented as Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAG). Think of it as "Apache Airflow for the search".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  **Pipeline**: Stick building blocks together to highly custom pipelines that are represented as Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAG). Think of it as "Apache Airflow for search".
```

7.  **REST API**: Exposes a simple API based on fastAPI for running QA search, uploading files, and collecting user feedback for continuous learning.

> 8.  **Haystack Annotate**: Create custom QA labels to improve your domain-specific models' performance. [Hosted version](https://annotate.deepset.ai/login) or [Docker images](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/tree/master/annotation_tool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  **Haystack Annotate**: Create custom QA labels to improve the performance of your domain-specific models. [Hosted version](https://annotate.deepset.ai/login) or [Docker images](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/tree/master/annotation_tool).
```

**What**

> Cleaning and splitting your texts are crucial steps that will directly impact your search's speed and accuracy.

Reviewer: I'd leave this one almost as-is.

```suggestion
Cleaning and splitting your texts are crucial steps that will directly impact the speed and accuracy of your search.
```

**What**

To build modern search pipelines, you need two things: powerful building blocks and a flexible way to stick them together.

> The `Pipeline` class is built exactly for this purpose and enables many search scenarios beyond QA. The core idea: you can make a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) where each node is one "building block" (Reader, Retriever, Generator ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Pipeline` class is built exactly for this purpose and enables many search scenarios beyond QA. The core idea: you can make a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) where each node is one "building block" (Reader, Retriever, Generator, and so on).
```

## :heart: Contributing

> We are very open to the community's contributions - be it the fix of a small typo or a completely new feature! You don't need to be a Haystack expert for providing meaningful improvements. To avoid any extra work on either side, please check our [Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

Reviewer: I'd re-phrase it a bit, yes.

```suggestion
We are very open to the community's contributions - be it a quick fix of a typo, or a completely new feature! You don't need to be a Haystack expert to provide meaningful improvements. To avoid any extra work on either side, please check our [Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) first.
```
